README.md, before:

# RenameMe

[![Build status (Windows)](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/xfla7b9s7nkf1ix0?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/grishavanika/task)
[![Build Status (Linux)](https://travis-ci.org/grishavanika/task.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/grishavanika/task)

expected<T, E>-like asynchronous tasks with .on_finish() support
and ability to adapt third-party tasks API.

# Introduction

```
#include <rename_me/future_task.h>

nn::Task<int> DoWork(nn::Scheduler& scheduler, int input)
{
	return make_task(scheduler
		, std::async(std::launch::async, [=]()
	{
		return (2 * input);
	}))
		.on_finish([](const nn::Task<int, std::exception_ptr>& task)
	{
		return (3 * task.get().value());
	});
}

int main()
{
	nn::Scheduler scheduler;
	nn::Task<int> task = DoWork(scheduler, 10);
	while (task.is_in_progress())
	{
		scheduler.tick();
	}
	return task.get().value();
}
```

# TODO:

1. Add support of custom allocators.
   One allocator for scheduler ? Or one allocator per task ?
   (allocator per task will be hard to add/implement with
   existing interface).
2. How Scheduler can be customized ?
4. Unify nn::expected<> API to be consistent.
5. Add supporting API (like, `when_all(tasks...).on_finish(...)`).
6. Tests: ensure thread-safe stuff.
8. Polish memory layout for internal tasks.
9. Default (thread-local ?) Scheduler's ?

# Compilers

TODO: some C++ 17 stuff is used, can be back-ported to C++ 11

# How-to build

```
mkdir build && cd build
cmake -G "Visual Studio 15 2017 Win64" ..
# cmake ..
cmake --build . --config Release
```

# Notes for Windows and non-MSVC compilers

Clang integration into MSVC 2017 on latest Clang (8.0).

- go to and install LLVM *with* "LLVM Compiler Toolchain Visual Studio extension"
- run CMake with "-T LLVM" toolset (case sensetive)

Commit message:

Change Scheduler::tick() to more flexible poll(tasks_count).
Allows to tick only one task.

README.md, after:

# RenameMe

[![Build status (Windows)](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/xfla7b9s7nkf1ix0?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/grishavanika/task)
[![Build Status (Linux)](https://travis-ci.org/grishavanika/task.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/grishavanika/task)

expected<T, E>-like asynchronous tasks with .on_finish() support
and ability to adapt third-party tasks API.

# Introduction

```
#include <rename_me/future_task.h>

nn::Task<int> DoWork(nn::Scheduler& scheduler, int input)
{
	return make_task(scheduler
		, std::async(std::launch::async, [=]()
	{
		return (2 * input);
	}))
		.on_finish([](const nn::Task<int, std::exception_ptr>& task)
	{
		return (3 * task.get().value());
	});
}

int main()
{
	nn::Scheduler scheduler;
	nn::Task<int> task = DoWork(scheduler, 10);
	while (task.is_in_progress())
	{
		scheduler.tick();
	}
	return task.get().value();
}
```

# TODO:

1. Add support of custom allocators.
   One allocator for scheduler ? Or one allocator per task ?
   (allocator per task will be hard to add/implement with
   existing interface).
2. How Scheduler can be customized ?
4. Unify nn::expected<> API to be consistent.
5. Add supporting API (like, `when_all(tasks...).on_finish(...)`).
6. Tests: ensure thread-safe stuff.
8. Polish memory layout for internal tasks.
9. Default (thread-local ?) Scheduler's ?
10. Compare to continuable: https://github.com/Naios/continuable
11. Add task.then() as alias for .on_finish()
12.

# Compilers

TODO: some C++ 17 stuff is used, can be back-ported to C++ 11

# How-to build

```
mkdir build && cd build
cmake -G "Visual Studio 15 2017 Win64" ..
# cmake ..
cmake --build . --config Release
```

# Notes for Windows and non-MSVC compilers

Clang integration into MSVC 2017 on latest Clang (8.0).

- go to and install LLVM *with* "LLVM Compiler Toolchain Visual Studio extension"
- run CMake with "-T LLVM" toolset (case sensetive)
